=The Crow Princess of Fortune=
=Episode 23=
Madam,
I never expected
that while I was bedridden,
you'd seem so happy about it.
Dear,
please let me explain.
Save your excuses.
We heard everything clearly
outside the door.
You're a terrible man.
A heartless man.
Today, neither of you
is getting away.
Close the door.
Beat them.
Ow, that hurts!
Ouch, that hurts!
Pretty Auntie, don't be sad.
You'll definitely
have a child of your own someday.
And with someone who truly loves you,
you'll have a very adorable baby.
Thank you for comforting me, Suisui.
I'm not comforting you.
It's true.
Madam,
my daughter never breaks her word.
What happened today
was all thanks to the Little Princess.
From now on,
all the Ning family's rice shops
will follow the Little Princess's orders.
Whatever grain she wants,
she shall have it.
Really?
Absolutely true.
Men!
Open the granaries!
Distribute the grain!
That's wonderful, Father!
Hahaha!
Good!
Suisui truly is a lucky star.
You've only been in the palace
for a few days,
and you've already
done me such a great service.
Oh,
Grandfather, you're
making me embarrassed.
Hahaha!
However,
I never expected
Wu Wang would also be involved in this.
Father,
Wu Wang is the Imperial Preceptor,
yet he colluded with court officials,
used schemes to disrupt state affairs
and dark arts to harm people.
This matter must not be treated lightly.
I will not let him off lightly.
I've long thought
that Daoist was suspicious.
If not for what happened back then...
Forget it.
If we catch him this time,
I'll make sure he faces the consequences
of disrupting the court.
(What is that smell?
It smells fragrant and foul. It's awful.)
Uh...
Grandfather, what is that smell on you?
Hm?
Oh.
This?
This sachet
was given to me by Consort Shu.
She said it was newly made.
I thought it smelled nice,
so I asked for it.
What?
Do you like it?
Young Mistress, have you forgotten?
That is exactly the smell on Wu Wang.
(Could it be...)
Grandfather,
do you like the color green?
Where are we going?
Almost there. We're nearly there.
(Imperial Kitchen)
Aren't we going
to find the Imperial Preceptor?
We still have to eat first.
Father, aren't you hungry
after carrying me for so long?
I'm hungry.
Only after we eat and have strength
can we go drive away the bad people.
Alright.
Hurry, go.
Hurry.
If we delay, we'll all be punished.
Those two have a foul smell on them.
It's the same smell Wu Wang has.
Those two must
be delivering food to Wu Wang.
Let's follow them quickly.
Mm.
♪Little lucky star,
twinkling with a wink at me♪
♪Every Chinese New Year day brings
the luckiest fortune slip♪
♪The God of Wealth favors me,
the Matchmaker ties red strings for me♪
♪With firecrackers going off,
good things keep coming one after another♪
♪Make a wish on the very first day
of the Chinese New Year♪
♪By the second day,
my belly's already round♪
♪Always talking about dieting,
but the chub never disappears♪
♪Good food brings joy
and happiness every single day♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
every year is filled with joy♪
♪I'm bringing blessings to everyone♪
♪Hands clasped together in greeting♪
♪May every family be sweet and happy♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
may everything go your way♪
♪Endlessly flowing♪
♪Good fortune♪